So, hi.
My name is Sadie Chantler,
I'm the late French immersion teacher
for grades six to grade
eight at Port Elgin Regional School.
Today, I will be talking to you
about the student feedback forms
that we complete once per term.
We call them at our school
start stop continues.
The form itself
looks like a very simple table
with three different categories
or three different columns.
One of them says start, the other one
says stop, and the last one says continue.
Students are expected to fill in.
At least one thing
for each of those categories.
Talking about the classroom practices
and the teacher practices for their room.
For whoever teacher,
whatever teacher distributes the form.
In practice, it looks like talking to
students about them
having a voice and the opportunity
to affect what happens.
What their teacher does,
the types of activities that they do,
the things that they want more
or less of a focus on.
And students are able to fill those out.
Usually right after report cards, season
after they've gotten a whole bunch
of feedback on what they're doing,
they're able to give feedback
to their teacher.
And then that teacher looks at the forms
and creates a separate document,
typically a cue card or a post-it note,
something very small.
With the things that come up a lot.
So if I were to fill them out
and I saw that six kids told me they need
more physical brain breaks,
then I'm going to start adding more
physical brain
breaks into my classroom practice.
Or if I have seven kids that tell me
they really want more fantasy books
in the classroom, the next time
I have more, funds to purchase books, I'm
going to start looking for fantasy books
that are available to them.
So I find it a really valuable tool
to help me understand
what my kids want
and really give them the opportunity
to have voice and choice
in their learning environment.
Some tips.
Something that I've noticed happens,
a lot is very helpful
to know is, it's important to front load
and tell the students
why they are doing this
and what is actually possible for them
to change and how their voice can be used
during this activity.
I find if you give the kids the form
and don't give them
the background knowledge,
you get a lot of, feedback
that says, I don't want to do math or,
we should stop getting homework.
We should. For my case,
I'm the French teacher, so I get a lot of.
We should start
speaking more English in class.
And if you front load it
and you tell them,
here are the things that I have to do
and I cannot change.
But it's important to think about things
that I really can change
and that you really think
would be valuable
for your education
or for the way that you learn.
This is your opportunity to have a voice
and change in effect, those things.
I find the feedback that you get
is a lot more valuable that way.